chore(content): Remove Swagger from Docs (#1668)
camunda/camunda-docs-manual: content/update/minor/721-to-722/_index.md

In deployment scenarios involving one or more process applications with managed beans, classloading issues may occur if the WELD library is directly embedded in the WAR or process application deployment.
To resolve this, it is recommended to relocate the WELD library from the WAR or process application deployment to the Tomcat server's library folder.

# Camunda Run and Swagger Update

> To reduce the maintenance effort, Swagger is discontinued from `camunda-run`.

Reviewer: 🙃 I believe a bit more context will help understand why we removed Swagger.
```suggestion
Swagger UI was included in Camunda Run distros for a long time. Unfortunately, maintaining Swagger for Run was a lot of work. Other tools (like Postman or Swagger Editor) provide the same functionality outside of Camunda run. That is why we decided to discontinue Swagger in `camunda-run` to reduce maintenance efforts.
```

> From now on, the parameterisation of camunda-run scripts will not include the `--swaggerui` argument. 

Reviewer: 🙃 I found this sentence a bit complicated. 
```suggestion
From now on, the `--swaggerui` argument is not available for Camunda Run start scripts, and the Swagger artifacts are not included in the Camunda Run distros anymore.
```
